all I can say is we the people want some
accountability and that availability can
take many forms and 14 we're talking
about today which I totally think we
need to be pushing us from people of
America is this thing called impeachment
I mean when you have maybe now the
president of the united states that
routes international law when indeed he
commits the country to a war of
aggression a war of aggression that is
outlawed we the people have to stand up
we the people have to take our country
back we've got examples of people not
just me resigning from the diplomatic
corps about what was going on that
indeed this war didn't follow any of the
criteria that you're supposed to have
four adjust or getting the Security
Council to agree to it or this being
something that is so vital to your
national security that indeed if you
have to have a strike right then we
didn't have any of that we didn't have a
humanitarian disaster that was going on
it didn't meet in India criteria for a
just war indeed it was a crime of
aggression and indeed one of colleague
from the from the UK the deputy legal
counsel of the UK also resigned in March
of 2003 the same time I did Elizabeth
one source and in her letter of
resignation she the deputy legal counsel
of the Foreign and Commonwealth Office
of the UK said going to warm under the
circumstances that have been outlined by
the u.s. to the UK would be a war of
aggression a war crime she was she was
right on the money and ten to one when
we find the documents from our own
government ten do on our legal counsels
of our major Bureau
our major departments probably telling
our president the same thing these are
documents that haven't surfaced yet but
give them time because they're out there
we know they're out there it's the
accountability accountability of taking
a country to warm the accountability of
if you are in a war even if it's just
how you conduct that war and indeed this
shocked and awed that Marcus was talking
about shock and awe gratuitous
unnecessary levels of violence that
cause incredible harm to innocent
civilians these are these are violations
of the law of land warfare the Geneva
Conventions that we the United States
have signed on to this administration
has committed the war of aggression it's
committed violations of the gaean
convention it's committed violations and
torture that's that's the one that we're
all we get the pictures in our faces
lots of people that need to be held
accountable we have a Chief Warrant
Officer Mike it was court-martial just a
couple of weeks ago he was convicted of
negligent homicide for stuffing an Iraqi
general inside a sleeping bag and then
suffocating him sitting on his back and
suffocating him he was convicted of
negligent manslaughter and his peers in
the US Army have let him off there is no
accountability going on here and our
country is suffering our military the
military I serve 29 years is getting
unbelievably broken it's being broken
physically it's being broken morally we
have a responsibility as people of the
country to hold our Congress accountable
and the executive account
we don't all the Congress accountable
and force them to first have a
commission of inquiry followed by
articles of impeachment if Maura took
and I certainly think they will be
warranted then we are just as complicit
as the guy that said we're going to war
in Iraq and we are just going to go so
we force this and it's happening there
are commissions just as Ray McGovern
said just a minute ago last week a
commission in New York City over a
thousand people attended a two-day
conference there are conferences have
been held in California they've been
held in Istanbul they're being held all
over the country all over the world
because everybody in the world knows
what his administration is done so you
have the people in this room it's up to
you it's a few to go to your neighbors
it's up to your neighbors to go to their
relatives all over the country we have
to get out on the streets to get our
Congress moving we have an election
coming up we've got to get people in
there and one of the criteria for voting
for a person would be will you support
will you submit articles of impeachment
against this administration